Hey guys and welcome to Testing Grounds! Firstly, who is this man?
This is Sam! Hi guys! You may have seen Sam help you out in the Support
and in the VR course, the Unity course, various other courses. Sam's been helping
me all along, actually, with this course in the background, in the programming, and
working on the code together. But what are you going to be doing in this section, Sam?
So in this section I'm going to be getting more involved in
some of the lectures and teaching some of the lectures, and we're going to be working together
as we did before and prototyping the section and basically getting to
grips with what we're going to actually teach you guys. And because this is early access, at this
stage, we don't know exactly how many videos I'll be doing, I might do all of them, how many videos sam will be doing,
he might be doing all of them or what the mix is going to be, but please please give us feedback.
If you prefer learning from me just say so, if you prefer learning from Sam... Yeah, no hard
feelings at all, we want to give you guys the best teaching possible and the best teaching you prefer, so
just let us know what you would rather see. Yeah and there's three types of feedback,
if you prefer either instructor say so or if you just prefer a continuative instructor,
like do you mind how often your mind is changing, just tell us early on,
because this talking head will be replaced when the section is finished. The section is on early access. Yep.
What does that mean? that means you're pretty safe to take it now, but that does mean that two or three videos
at the end, the latest two or three, might just get changed. Sometimes we backtrack
two or three to improve things. Yeah, when we want to improve things, exactly. What else?
It's the most ambitious section yet! It is and we've got lots of cool stuff
coming for you, so you've got to wait and see what we're going to be including in the Game Design Document.
Yeah, and we don't know precisely the scope at this stage, because we're recording this so that we can
start the section, and then we'll come back at the end of the section and replace this video. So we don't know exactly
what the scope will be, but when you see in next slide,
in the next lecture, you'll see roughly what it involves. Exactly. What else?
Bookmark the live Google slides. Yep. We always like to get your feedback right on the
slides, in terms of what we're teaching, as early as possible so that we can filter it
and adapt to what you guys want to see. Particularly typos and stuff, if you can catch them
when we've typed them that's great! It's kind of fun for you to watch us to fill out the slides
as we go. We try not to swear too much. What else? So comment in
slides, typos, oh yeah and go over to community.gamedev.tv! Yep, it's the place to be!
So we'd love to see you guys engaging there, sharing your games, sharing your cool creations
you made with Unreal, and your progress, obviously, in this section.
Absolutely! So enjoy it, we're looking forward to it, and we'll see you in there!